Name: Abdulbasid Guled
Student Number: 156024184
Section: SAA
Due Date: May 28, 2019
Workshop 2: At-Home


1) We need to allocate new dynamic memory when we increase the size of an existing array
of dynamically allocated memory because arrays by nature, are static. They are fixed in length
and as a result, adding new data to an array is impossible because we'd be going out of bounds.
Therefore, to be able to add more data, we need to increase the size of the array, something that's 
only possible by dynamically allocating new memory for the new array and then copying the data from
the old array to the new one.

2) We do not need to use the delete operator on the name array because it's a member variable
that belongs to the instance variable that it's referring to. By using the delete operator, we'd actually
be deleting the object itself. 

3) The compiler knows which definition to call from your main function through function overloading.
When the code compiles, it looks at the function call and more specifically, the parameters that are 
being passed. Based on the number of parameters passed in, it uses the function that matches. In this 
workshop for example, the display function was called twice. The first one was this:

display(const Kingdom& other);

The other call was this:

display(const struct Kingdom* kingArray, int size);

In the main function, it looked at the arguments passed and based on the number of arguments, called 
that version of the display function.

4) In this workshop, I learned about dynamic memory, how to dynamically allocate new memory for instances of
a specific type, why I need to create new memory for arrays, and lastly, the importance of deleting the instance
from memory so that memory leak does not occur. 


Quiz 2 Reflection:

I got half marks on questions 1, and 2.

For 1:

- I wrote that the default parameter values are always the left-most parameter that is passed. The answer is that
default parameter values are always the right-most parameter. 

For 2:

- I wrote that <iostream> must be included as well as specifying what must be used using parameters. The answer is
that the member functions are used to control the output and that the format is used to appear how we want it to.